_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update about and other initial changes

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: Final year undergrad @ <a href="bits-pilani.ac.in">BITS, Pilani</a>. Making machines understand us and our world better with machine learning.

# profile:
#   align: right
#   image: prof_pic.jpg
#   address: >
#     <p>555 your office number</p>
#     <p>123 your address street</p>
#     <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->

Hi there! Welcome to my abode on the internet! I am deeply (pun intended) interested in using computer vision to solve high-impact problems. I believe computer vision and deep learning will revolutionize many fields like healthcare, autonomous systems and more and help us understand ourselves and the world around us better.
Currently, I'm a final year undergraduate student at Birla Institute of Technology & Science, Pilani, India pursuing B.E. in Computer Science along with a minor in Data Science. Here's my <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZJsi5oCswFqjHhyyZD4Re3-5dieoeHSM/view?usp=sharing">CV</a>!
